add example workflows (#5773)
cylc/cylc-flow: cylc/flow/etc/examples/hello-world/index.rst

Hello World
-----------

.. admonition:: Get a copy of this example
   :class: hint

   .. code-block:: console

      $ cylc get-resources examples/hello-world

In the time honoured tradition, this is the minimal Cylc workflow:

.. literalinclude:: flow.cylc
   :language: cylc

> It writes the phrase "Hello World!" into a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It writes the phrase "Hello World!" to standard output (captured to the `job.out` log file).
```

> It writes the phrase "Hello World!" to standard output (captured to the `job.out` log file).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It writes the phrase "Hello World!" to standard output (captured to the ``job.out`` log file).
```
